# Basic Version

* Two linear combinations are EXACTLY the same if the coefficients for each stock are EXACTLY the same. A 1 B 1 and B 1 A 1 are the same, but A -1 B -1 is not the same as A 1 B 1. You will NOT see input of the form A 1 B 0 C 1 D 0. This will be A 1 C 1.
* If two linear combinations are not EXACTLY the same, then there is NO cancellation rule that applies to them. Yes, this means A -1 B -1 can never ever “cancel” A 1 B 1. They may be both used in an arbitrage cycle. The takeaway here is that every linear combination must be treated INDEPENDENTLY.

* Suppose a buy order comes A 1 100 b in. Another order A 1 120 b, exists as an active order, then this new order becomes invalid, and you must output No Trade (your strategy is irrelevant here; the output for an invalid order is No Trade). A 1 120 b remains as an active order.  Analogously, if there was an active order A 1 80 b; it gets immediately cancelled since A 1 100 b is a better order.
* Suppose a sell order comes in A 1 120 s. Another order A 1 100 s exists as an active order, then this new order becomes invalid, and you must output No Trade (your strategy is irrelevant here; the output for an invalid order is No Trade). A 1 100 s remains as an active order. Analogously, if there was an active order A 1 140 s; it gets immediately cancelled since A 1 120 s is a better order.
* Remember, a “higher” price buy order is better, and a “lower” price sell order is better.
* If the order has not been cancelled(invalidated) till now, check if the corresponding opposite side order exists. For instance, suppose A 1 100 b is the NEW order, and A 1 100 s exists in the set of active orders for linear combination A 1; then both A 1 100 b and A 1 100 s get cancelled (only works when the prices of both are EXACTLY THE SAME, no greater than, no less than comparisons). A 1 100 s does not remain an active order any more and is REMOVED from the set of active orders.
* If none of the above apply, then the order is valid. Now, you must check if you want to take this order (based on your strategy). If this order forms an arbitrage with other orders, then you must accept all these orders in reverse order in which they came. For instance, suppose there was A followed by B followed by C, and A,B,C form an arbitrage, with A and B being active orders and C being the new order, then you must output the corresponding output for C,B,A. Note that B,A will be removed from the list of active orders for their corresponding stock structures.
* Suppose you do not trade on a valid order, then "No Trade" should be printed and this order will be added to the list of active orders corresponding to this stock structure.
* Move on to the next order. Follow the instructions for each order until the last.
* Remember you have to do some error handling also, your code should not crash because of changes in spaces, extra gaps between line. Also figure out how to take the entire input from readIML, though I have given the implementation, try to figure out when is the input breaking.

